1) Topic::
--> mvn clean install ::use when To change the version of dependancy and build the project again from the scratch.
-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
--> It will dowload jar file and build the project.

-->In short to build the project we need to run this command, if any testcase is fail over there,
it will fail the build,and shows all testcases.

--> In maven testcases should be in the src/test/java folder only ,it will pick up testcases from there only.

--> if we write any testcases in the src/main/java , it will not be pick up by maven.
we can have other utilities,functions in this folder.it's only for business login we can define there.

1)You are calling the mvn executable, which means you need Maven installed on your machine.
2)You are using the clean command, which will delete all previously compiled Java .

--> mvn clean install tells Maven to do the clean phase in each module
  before running the install phase for each module.
  What this does is clear any compiled files you have,
  making sure that you're really compiling each module from scratch.

1)When should I use Mvn clean install?
ANS::Use clean when you want to build your projects from scratch.
 If your build does not take a lot of time use clean every time you are running build.
 Otherwise it is up to you. Surely do it if you are not sure that everything is indeed.

 2)mvn test ::To run test cases from testng.xml file ,when we dont have any
 changes in the project , we dont have to do all the time mvn clean install,
 we can do mvn test only and it will run all our testscases.

3) If we have multiple xml file we can execute file in the surefile plugin

4)command ::mvn clean install -DskipTests=true
This command use to skip testcases and build it quickly,mosty deveopers are using this
 one without excute any testcases, build it and generate the jar file.
 we can see there is SNAPSHOT.jar file.

 5)assembly plugins : use to create jar/fat

 6) target : whenever we run mvn clean install ,it will generate new .jar artifact in the target.

 --> pom.xml ::
 -----------------
 is the heart of the maven.

 POM stands for "Project Object Model".
 It is an XML representation of a Maven project held in a file named pom. xml

 -->What is a POM XML?

 A Project Object Model or POM is the fundamental unit of work in Maven.
  It is an XML file that contains information about the project and
  configuration details used by Maven to build the project.
  It contains default values for most projects.